okay so this is my mission impossible
machine so this year's objective was to
raise this commercial on volt battery up
as high as I can ok so first I'm gonna
drop this quarter
inside is to it's gonna conduct this
circuit so this fan is gonna turn on
this fan is gonna pull this ball across
that too it's gonna hit the rack and
pinion track your pinions gonna roll
down that track see and then the tube
that takes with it it's gonna knock down
that battery now that battery is
connected to that pulley system just
gonna pull up that block and that block
is gonna hit that lever they're just
gonna make that little other block fall
off now other block is gonna figure this
simple pulley just simple pulley thing
right here and it's gonna bring up that
lever that off just driver right here
that has that corner with it when it
comes up it's gonna bring that quarter
with it it's gonna fall inside this red
tube red tube right there and it's gonna
conduct that circuit again it's gonna
come all the way over here and start
that motor just gonna pull up that car
and then it's gonna knock down that
other car right there it's gonna fall
down it's gonna trigger that egg by
pulling it open and then the object
inside the egg will fall out and it's
gonna trigger though in your system
because the string is wrapped around
that first gear and after it triggers
the first gear it's gonna go to the
second gear and then the third gear and
that we got third gear spins all the way
across its gonna hit that connects piece
connects piece it's gonna release that
energy stored inside this con the string
it's gonna launch that glue stick right
there it's gonna hit that switch my hits
that switch I'm gonna start up this
motor okay
you know hi so mrs. hall's me